[MUSIC PLAYING]
[KEYBOARD TYPING]
SURMA: Have you heard of
the array spread operator?
It allows you to concatenate
multiple arrays into one.
It's quite handy, really.
Now the same operator
also works with objects
and is therefore called
the Object Spread operator.
Who would have thought it?
If you want to merge
multiple objects into one,
you can just use
the curly braces
and list all the objects
that you want to merge.
This can come in especially
handy for options
and the default values.
Imagine writing a function
that takes an options object,
like it is common in JavaScript.
You could define
these default values
for all these options
in a private variable.
When the function is called,
merge the default options
with the user provided options.
The result will be
an options object
where you can be sure that all
options are set to a default
value, except where the user
has provided another value.
Handy, isn't it?
So enjoy, and see you next time.
Did you know that I
have a new series where
I build a PWA using WordPress?
If not, you can go there
right now and take a look.
It's quite good, really.
But also, you can
subscribe to get CommitLog,
to get Supercharged
light strings,
to get Supercharged microchips,
all off Supercharged
every Thursday, every week.